Removing outdated grok debugger links (#186)
logstash-plugins/logstash-filter-grok: docs/index.asciidoc

<https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-patterns-core/tree/master/patterns>. You can add
your own trivially. (See the `patterns_dir` setting)

> If you need help building patterns to match your logs, you will find the Grok Debugger in Kibana

Reviewer: @karenzone what's the best way to link to "Grok Debugger in Kibana" at https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/kibana/current/xpack-grokdebugger.html here?

Reviewer 2: If you need help building patterns to match your logs, try the {kibana-ref}/xpack-grokdebugger.html[Grok debugger] in {kib}.

Reviewer: Thank you!

> If you need help building patterns to match your logs, you will find the Grok Debugger in Kibana

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need help building patterns to match your logs, try the {kibana-ref}/xpack-grokdebugger.html[Grok debugger] in {kib}.
```
